## IMPORTANT

This framework is in a slow trial-and-error development. I'm adding, changing and
removing features depending on whether I like to use them or not. I did this for years
now. I was developing it privately between April 2020 and December 2023.

My idea is to shape it into a nice framework for my projects. And who knows, maybe
someone else would like it too. Unfortunately, the development takes so much time, but
I have to do it, because I don't like most mainstream frameworks and libraries.

## What is Galaxia?

Galaxia is a full-stack JavaScript framework for [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/).

## Philosophy

Galaxia aims to be a simple-to-use framework with modern features, while being
conservative at the same time. The goal is to write code that is as close as possible
to the vanilla syntax.

## Key Features

#### JavaScript

- Vanilla JavaScript with [JSDoc](https://devhints.io/jsdoc) comments and optional `.d.ts` files for type
  safety. No `.ts` files.
- [ES6 modules](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules) on the server and on the client.
- No transpilations, no build steps, no bundle files.
- No syntax separation between client and server.
- JSDoc comments used for validation of the HTTP parameters.
- Views are generated by Paintor.
- Realtime validation by DocSchema.
- Import scripts from node_modules on the client.

#### CSS

- CSS, SASS or Stylus can be used.

#### Server

- A cluster process, controlling one or more workers.
- Supports HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2.
- Requests limiter (DDoS protection). Different settings can be used for different paths.
- Reverse proxy.
- Development and production mode.
- Automatic restart on file changes on development mode.
- Custom mime types, cache control and compression levels for the files, served to the client.
